Little fool
I can't be with you from today on
You must take care of yourself in the future
Wife, wife, where are you going?
Wife little fool
You don't know yet
I'm about to become someone else's wife
Jiang Yuxin, what are you doing?
Don't hit my wife
You dare to fight me?
Bitch, you married my brother today
With this fool
Do you want to embarrass our Qin family?
Somebody drag him away from me
Hit hard
No no
No, let's go!
Stop for me
If you lose money today because of this stinky fool
Make the Qin family unhappy
I'm not done with you
Sister, I'm still waiting for the Qin family's 5 million wedding gift
If you screw up
I couldn't spare this fool for the first time
Promise me
As long as I am willing to marry Qin Shao
Will help me take care of Haoran
If you hit him again, I won't marry you.
sister
You're addicted to sleeping with a fool, aren't you?
I'll tell you what.
You married my brother as a slave girl
Don't take yourself too seriously
If it weren't for my northern king's marriage
We don't want second-hand goods like you in our family.